speaker here is Andrew Pingdanelli, CEO
at the General Intelligence Company of
New York. Please give it up for Andrew
everyone.
>> Hey everybody. Um, my name is Andrew and
I'm going to be talking about the
oneperson billion dollar company and
maybe answer some of the questions on
what we uh are actually going to be
doing in the next couple years after AI
takes all of our jobs. Um, first some
stuff on myself. My name is Andrew.
That's me with some deer. uh and I am
the co-founder and CEO of the general
intelligence company in New York. We are
based here in Flat Iron. It's a team of
five people. Company started about 6
months ago and we launched our product
co-founder uh back on like September
8th. We are working towards this goal of
a oneperson billion dollar company and
we started with the first product which
is this uh concept of uh an assistant
but I'll get into that. So by 2030, 5
years from now, we're going to see a lot
of crazy things. Um, a single
entrepreneur will operate a billion
dollar scale company. What does that
actually mean? Well, someone sits there
and has literally like a billion dollars
in revenue with just agents. Right now,
it looks crazy, but uh we thought
language models weren't even possible
like 10 years ago. Um, and anyone with
an idea could figure out and start a
business. And that's what we're working
towards. And how we actually do that is
by making a system where you have this
interface and then it can connect to
these different agents below. So like a
customer support agent, a finance agent,
a marketing agent, a coding agent.
You're seeing all these things starting
to come together very slowly and we need
something that actually coordinates
them. Um that's what we're building. So,
we're building that coordinator that
talks to all the other agents that are
being worked on by people with way more
money than us, and we're going to tie
them together, and we're going to work
on goals that the agents can't really do
on their own. Um, so I'm going to go
into like where we're at now, and then
I'll talk about how we're actually going
to get there. So, first, let's talk
about our product that's in market that
you can use right now. Uh, it's called
Co-founder and it's essentially this AI
chief of staff system that has
state-of-the-art memory. Um, it's highly
capable and it writes its own
automations. It's essentially an agent
that plugs in all these tools and allows
itself to write automations. So, uh, the
thing that OpenAI launched a couple days
ago where you have to drag these blocks
together and put them, you know, in an
order that you want them to. Uh, that's
how people are doing it now. But how
we're going to do it in the future is
we're going to tell an agent, hey, I
want this thing to happen every day. The
agent's just going to do that. Um, and
so we've built that. You can use it now
co-founder.co
and what it does is it pulls together
things and it actually accomplishes
tasks. Um people really like it too. So
they are using it to automate their
lives. They're using it to automate how
how they're running a business. Um and
I'll get into some examples of what you
can actually do. Uh but first I want to
talk quickly about how it's actually
built. So, uh, co-founder is, of course,
an agent powered by LLMs that uses a
long-term memory that pulls in all this
information across your business. So, we
require everybody to connect their email
and their calendar when they sign up. If
you don't want to connect your email,
uh, don't sign up. And then we use that
to build a kind of knowledge on on a
person and their business. And then we
give it a computer so the agent can
write its own files. It can write its
own scripts. We give it web search, web
monitoring, so it can send agents out to
monitor websites. Um, it knows your
schedule, how you draft emails. It's
really good at knowing how you speak.
Um, and then we give it this ability to
like write automation. So, if I want to
like every day email my competitors, a
meme of them jumping off a cliff, I can
do that. If I want to monitor all of my
competitors online, I can do that. If I
want to uh you know text my girlfriend
good morning automatically, I can do
that. Um and it can do simple task. It
can also do tasks that take hours. So
we've seen people use it scraping
hundreds of of of GitHub lines to uh
pull like languages for people's
profiles. We've seen it use languages uh
to to to write code in in other people's
GitHub repos. It's kind of crazy. Um,
and I'm sure you guys want to see it
work. So, let me give you a quick
explanation. This is an example of it
pulling up what's going on in my
engineering department. It's going to do
a search, pull everything in, and uh,
then actually just like tell me what's
going on. So, this pulled from my linear
these are some of the active statuses
and it knows what, you know, my
engineering department is because it has
this memory on me. So now it's running a
command to read some files, write some
files. It has a to-do list. Um, and this
is something that we actually do every
day at at general intelligence to to see
what's going on. Um, and then it'll be
done in a second and it will just tell
us that it's done basically.
Cool. All right. So co-founder's done
and now now he's talking about what's
going on. Cool. Now, if I go back here,
um, you know, there's a couple of other
examples like you can organize meeting
notes or you can find errors from the
last 3 days. I'm going to go into some
of the the most complicated examples
that we have and how that actually works
for our organization. Um, but just to
give you another idea like here's all
the examples of things that co-founder
can do and people are using it for every
day.
Um now unlike one of these flow builders
like like gum loop or zapier uh the way
co-ounder work is it's actually an agent
at every step. So you aren't writing
scripts you're just telling the agent
what to do in like a series of tasks. So
instead of building like an if then or
like a like a for loop or uh all of this
stuff that people who don't write code
have no idea about, you can just tell
the agent to to do a task. And so, you
know, for example, uh if we wanted it to
look at bugs in our uh customer support
email and then turn them into features,
we just make a list of these four steps
and it has intelligence every step of
the way. So, if I get an email from
Sentry, which is where our errors come
from, find the post hog session, which
is product analytics, combine it with or
create a linear issue with the bug
report, and then assign it to someone
and then message Devon, which is a
coding agent in Slack to work on the
problem. Um, this is a flow that we
actually have running every day uh at at
co-founder. And if you send an email to
our customer support email with a bug
report, it actually gets coded before it
even get touches a person and then a
person reviews it and and actually
merges it and sees if it if it works.
Um, so yeah, I mean, and this is
actually a crazy system. Uh, you can
build automated features without any
people involved by just throwing
co-founder at it and telling it what to
do. And this is what the future of of
anything at a company looks like. You
have all these services like like Gmail
for for our customer support email, Post
Hog for for product analytics and you
just have agents that just shuffle
things around until something gets done.
So, you know, for that flow I was
talking about, you have this uh customer
support thing in here. Linear is where
we track our project. So, that's kind of
where the the central source of record
is. Uh and then it gets pinged over to a
coding agent and then it goes down to
QA. Now, the second step is pretty cool.
Uh, we then use a browser agent inside
of Devon to take whatever feature we
made and actually run the app and try to
click around and and and use it. And so
now we don't just have the feature being
developed, we have it being tested
without any people involved. And this
happens every single time we want to
either create a new feature or we have a
bug report. Um, and so like this is a
basic example of how you can use an
agent to eliminate a significant amount
of work at a company.
And here's some results. So Devon
authors more than 50% of our PRs. We
merge more than 33 commits on a workday,
which is is quite a quite a bit for uh a
very small team like ours. We only have
a couple people. Um, more than 100%
feature development speed. Uh, and then
every bug that people submit is resolved
in less than an hour.
Then we actually made an agent to look
at all of our agents when it breaks. So
this is actually yesterday or two days
ago. Uh Spencer is our crazy scientist
researcher. Um and you can see here this
is on our dev branch. So things kind of
broke a lot, but uh we actually just
have the agent go and look at these
flows and see, oh, the agent broke like
at step three when we needed to to code
a feature or the code that the agent
wrote was wrong or you know if if it was
a different thing like scheduling, it
might have sent it the wrong day of the
week, etc. Um we built an agent that
just reads all those reports and then
writes a uh an evaluation on it.
Uh here's another example. It will also
show I'll just use the mouse for a
second here like all of the traces it
analyzed where it failed and um you know
like this is for example where the tools
are routed. So it was trying to pick the
web search and it picked something else.
And why I'm showing you this is so that
I can
talk about just like how much you can
put agents on themselves as problems. So
like one of our key thesis as a company
is you can go agents all the way down.
If you have something that you can
express in code, you can write it as an
agent and you can express a lot of
things in code. You can express
infrastructure in code, you can express
calendars in code, you can express at
some point, you know, someone's style
and and writing. Um, you can do all of
that and then you can give it an agent
and try to automate it and then you can
give it another agent to tell you when
your automation breaks.
And so where does this take us?
We want to get co-founder to the system
that coordinates across other agents to
work on highle goals. So uh an example
of a low-level goal is like I want you
to code this feature. So there's coding
agents that are great at doing that.
They've put billions of dollars into
these coding agents, right? We want to
be able to take what all the work that
they've done and use it for higher level
stuff which is like I want you to
increase my customer retention. I want
you to make my users not mad at me. Um
that's a really hard problem. I would
know. Uh and so this is what we're
working towards. And
the way we actually get there is this
thing called super optimization. So
super optimization is a very simple
concept of agents managing other agents.
That's all it means. And when an agent
manages other agents, there's a lot of
different problems you have to solve,
but this is where it's going. No one's
really gotten multi-agent coordination
to work. they haven't been able to get
like a coding agent and a customer
support agent and things like that
working together yet. And that's what
we're working on and we're going to be
first. Um, so it's this concept of
delegation, right? So at a normal
company, you have these individual
contributors. So let's say three people
writing code on a team and then you have
the manager that makes sure that they're
working on a higher level goal and
they're accomplishing things at like a a
road map.
Um, and you can scale this up, right?
This is just what an organization looks
like. This is what a company looks like.
You know, Google is just a huge version
of this. Uh OpenAI is too, right? Even
small companies of 20 people. Like our
company looks sort of similar to this.
And you can do the same thing with
agents, right? So like here's an example
of doing product development with the
super optimizer. So you have your
customer support agent. These exist,
right? There's like decagon, there's
finai. They manage like a customer
support thread for you. There's coding
agents which is like Devon. There's
claude code, there's codecs, uh, and
then like a product agent. There's a
couple of these now that like I I can't
give you names, but they're like ones
that write read your user logs and they
generate reports and things like that.
And you can put them together and turn
it into a customer feedback agent like
the one I described above. You know,
like the something that takes what your
customers are doing and makes new
features for you and it makes sure that
they're right.
And then you could scale that up to, you
know, something that runs your whole
product department and maybe one below
that is like new features. It's totally
different.
And so we're working towards this uh as
the system where co-founder is this
coordinator
and we're going to build these and we're
going to sell them and we're going to be
the first ones to do it. Uh here's like
an example of of the customer support.
You could give it a a task like improve
my retention or you know this one
obviously is like increase my revenue.
Uh this is an example of like a sales
and marketing department that that you
can use with with agents. Um,
and so when you look at it like that and
you see, okay, these things aren't that
far away. You can scale this up to
departments and you end up with
something like this where you have
something very close to a full-on
company. And uh, that's how we're going
to get from where we are now to the one
person billion dollar company in five
years. Um,
that's that that's my presentation.
Thanks guys.
>> Thank you so much for uh the
presentation. Uh more general question
that will probably echo to the VC panel
before but with the cost of building
going down with the VIP coding and you
bringing down the cost of operating a
company plus uh comput is also going
down. Do you think the incentive for
someone building a company to get VC
funding at all uh will still make sense
in the future? and why some could argue
why would VC fund uh companies that are
bringing that are like working towards
that goal in general. So yeah,
open-ended question just curious to hear
your thoughts.
>> Yeah, so uh when the cost of building
goes down and everything, you'll see
people building more and and faster,
right? And so the way that I think about
VC funding is is essentially just speed.
It gives you the ability to leverage
yourself and your company to move faster
by giving up equity. Um,
what we'll see is it'll be much easier
for people to start a company with no
money uh and like bootstrap it, right?
And not have to raise money upfront. Um,
we're already seeing that with like vibe
coding, right? Where someone can go and
make an app and then get a million
dollars in ARR with like five weeks, you
know? Um,
but what we'll also see is companies
that are able to go with VC money from
zero to like a hundred million at a much
faster rate. And so you'll see it on
both ends of the of the system. Um, I
don't really know which one will be
faster. I would bet that the uh the
revenue generated from the new companies
that have to raise no money will
eventually be higher than the than the
VCbacked companies. But uh almost every
company that goes from a billion to 100
billion has a lot of EC money. So
>> hey, thanks for the presentation. Really
like the slides. So I have a two-part
question. Um from the user experience,
how is this different than like a manis?
And then on like the developer side, uh
h how does that look like? Is it um like
crew AI? Can we add like our MCP agents
to yours? And yeah, just want to know
what that end to end looks like. Thank
you. Yeah. So if you want to see the
co-founder user experience, you can go
to coofounder.co and try it. Um, but
it's differentiated in a couple ways.
Number one, uh, we focus a lot on memory
systems. So co-founder has
state-of-the-art memory where it knows
things about you and your business. Uh,
Manis doesn't have that and they have
some connectors that they added a couple
weeks ago. Um, we also don't support
MCP. And the reason why is because we
have built the integrations. We built
we've got 21 integrations. um we build
them with a lot of care and we're very
opinionated about them. Like I will
never make a Salesforce integration. I
don't want people using co-founder on
Salesforce because it's a shitty
product.
So we're making things
someone here from Salesforce.
Uh we're making things with like this
opinion of like this is the right way to
use uh you know like a a product
management system or like a a
documentation system. Um, and so all of
our integrations are are very like
tailored, I guess, to make it work with
the agent. Um, and yeah, the user
experience, we focus a lot on that. Um,
so yeah, actually mine is more like a
follow-up. So I think I will give it to
one other person. um down the line all
these other people you're integrating
all these other you're integrating the
non Salesforce things you're integrating
what happens when they also like kind of
try to do their own house let's say I
adapt your thing for my company you have
all these um tools that I'm using and
then one by one they start dropping off
uh picture what happened when the world
went data hungry and every company
closed off their API Reddit Twitter what
happens when that happens have you
Yeah. So, a couple things here.
At the point where we're large enough
for them to care, uh, we'll be able to
roll our own. So, you know, these
systems are very much just very
complicated way to keep records. Uh, and
with the speed of of development and the
speed that our company is moving at, by
the time uh, Salesforce wants to cut us
off from Slack, let's say, right? Uh,
we'll be able to roll our own. Um but
even then companies aren't really
incentivized to do that because then
that would be cutting off their
customers right and so if you are a
customer and you use like notion right
and notion uh is on co-founder and you
operate your business on co-founder and
then notion cuts us off is it more
likely that you're going to move
everything else in your business or are
you going to move off notion and that's
like you know that that that's the
question there um and then you know what
does it look like eventually well yeah
we'll just roll our own uh once we're a
large enough size.
Um, thank you guys. We're hiring. Come
work for us.
[Applause]